# Requirements:

1.)XAMPP Server

2.)An internet connection to run Facebook API, jquery, bootstrap files.

3.)Since the Facebook API is in development mode and not in live mode, preferably keep all the files in XAMPP/htdocs/project/, and

Only the test users ids generated by facebook can be used for API-
   
      1.)Username- soumya_hsugvav_agarwal@tfbnw.net password- soumya123
   
      2.)Username- aditya_ceidpgs_gupta@tfbnw.net password- aditya123
   
      3.)Username- pranjal_cpbyftz_tripathi@tfbnw.net password- pranjal123
     
      4.)Username- open_igrhwvq_user@tfbnw.net password- testuser123
     
4.)Import sphinx.sql

5.)Open localhost/project/homepage.php

6.)Registration of admin has to be done manually by changing in database, in sphinx database, table users, in column admin value has to be set to 1


# Contributing

## General 

1) The website provides login signup (also sigup with FB).

2) Quizzes can be of any type (MCQ , Multi Correct , Subjective or Mixed Type).

3) The website also has a DISCUSSION FORUM for each quiz separately.

4) There is a team page.

## Admins

1) The website has an interface to add questions and new quizes for Admins.

2) Admin can set the duration for a particular quiz. API has been used to display and start the timer once the quiz has been started.

3) Admin has the right to check the subjective questions.

4) If the quiz is Subjective or Mixed then the result of quiz wont be published for a user until Admin checks all the subjective questions for that user in that quiz.

## Users

1) A user can take any quiz available only once.

2) His/Her result will be sent to His/Her profile.

3) There is a profile tab unique to each user where he can upload his photos and all his previous results shall be displayed.

4) The Website also has a Leaderboard displaying performance of All users for particular quiz.

5) Once a user has sumitted his/her first question then he can't use back button, every use of back button would push him forward in the quiz.

6) The User cannot escape back to the Home (Navbar is disabled during the quiz time). He/She is only provided with a quit button that takes him/her out of the quiz


